#summary Video tutorials illustrating the use of FISH-QUANT

A PDF with a brief summary of the different video tutorials can be found in the *Downloads* section. 

Below the embedded videos are provided as well as links to youtube. For best quality use 720p and watch video in full screen mode. 


= Tutorial 1: installing FISH-QUANT =
Explains how to install FISH-QUANT on the computer.  

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJPFDRN49m4"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJPFDRN49m4]


= Tutorial 2: working with the example data set =
Explains how to get started with the example data set and get a first overview of FISH-QUANT.  

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJPFDRN49m4"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJPFDRN49m4]



= Tutorial 3: getting started  =
Explains how to start a project by setting up the folder structure for the various files and define this structure in FISH-QUANT.

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6qzBD1lm4s"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6qzBD1lm4s]


= Tutorial 4: defining outlines =
Explains how to define outlines of cells and transcription sites that will then be used for the mature and nascent mRNA quantification.

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG4AtZ0RBtU"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG4AtZ0RBtU]


= Tutorial 5.1: mature mRNA quantification in individual images (Part 1)=
Explains the first part of the mRNA quantification in individual cells. Image is first filtered and then spot-candidates are pre-detected. 

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TDlg-_K-aE"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TDlg-_K-aE]


= Tutorial 5.2: mature mRNA quantification in individual images (Part 2)=
Explains the second part of the mRNA quantification in individual cells. Pre-detected spots are fit with a 3D Gaussian and then thresholded based on the estimated fitting parameters. 

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ar-z7kaRxdk"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ar-z7kaRxdk]


= Tutorial 6: batch processing for mature mRNA counting =
Explains how to perform the batch processing for mature mRNA quantification.

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJyLZA9foI"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJyLZA9foI]


= Tutorial 7: setting up nascent mRNA quantification =
Explains how to define the setting for the nascent mRNA quantification.

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZhdugLU8bI"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZhdugLU8bI]


= Tutorial 8: batch processing for nascent mRNA counting =
Explains how to perform the batch processing for nascent mRNA quantification.

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJyLZA9foI"/>

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJyLZA9foI]